NXP-29371 automate explorer reference export (#33)
nuxeo/nuxeo-explorer: docker/nuxeo-explorer-export-docker/README.md

nuxeo/nuxeo-explorer-export Docker Image
========================================

> This module is reponsible to build the Explorer Docker image for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is responsible for building the Explorer Docker image for
```

automated exports.

Compared to the main docker image, this image can take an independent
Nuxeo version to snapshot, a given explorer package version to install
(should be compatible with the target Nuxeo image version), and a list

> of additional packes to be installed for snapshotting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of additional packages to be installed for snapshotting.
```
